README.md, before:

# What is this?
This project is my attempt to isolate and create a scalable solution for game windows, menu, menu choices, dialogue boxes, dialogue choices, shop interfaces, whatever I can think of that requires windows and textboxes.

# Goal
I want to use this project as a longterm reference and sandbox for this particular topic. I hope to come back to this project and upgrade it as I learn more about GameMakerStudio 2 and how to make performant, maintainable, and scalable windowing.

# To Do
✅ Create GMS2 project  
✅ Push to Git as public repo (why not?? 😉)  
✅ Set up basic 9-slice sprite and script  
⬜ basic textbox where user must press space to dismiss  
⬜ user selection from list of options  
⬜ user input options as separate textbox, and pressing confirm on the option doesn't dismiss the underlying window (thinking about using a stack or something...)  
⬜ typewriter textbox effect with adjustable speed  
⬜ press space during typewriting (after, say, 2 characters have appeared, to automatically show all text)  
⬜ accounts for word length and won't start writing on a line where it can't finish the word  
⬜ data-driven message queuing for one window with paging, where space advances dialogue to next page  
⬜ textbox feature to auto-page text that is too long for one window  
⬜ ability to script text stop midway through and require space bar press to show rest of text  
⬜ ability to colorize spans of text  
⬜ optional nameplate  
⬜ optional character bust picture  
⬜ branching dialogue, scripting paths  
⬜ RPG-style menu  
⬜ RPG-style inventory  
⬜ RPG-style shop interface  
⬜ ...

Commit message:

✅ Set up basic typewriter textbox with adjustable speed.
✅ Updated textbox to skip typing, turn pages, and dismiss the textbox when the user presses confirm.

✅ Added basic paging.

✅ Added configurable confirm button.

README.md, after:

# What is this?
This project is my attempt to isolate and create a scalable solution for game windows, menu, menu choices, dialogue boxes, dialogue choices, shop interfaces, whatever I can think of that requires windows and textboxes.

# Goal
I want to use this project as a longterm reference and sandbox for this particular topic. I hope to come back to this project and upgrade it as I learn more about GameMakerStudio 2 and how to make performant, maintainable, and scalable windowing.

# To Do
✅ Create GMS2 project  
✅ Push to Git as public repo (why not?? 😉)  
✅ Set up basic 9-slice sprite and script  
✅ basic textbox where user must press space to dismiss  
✅ typewriter textbox effect with adjustable speed  
✅ press space during typewriting (after, say, 2 characters have appeared, to automatically show all text)  
✅ basic paging  
⬜ refactor: move all boolean logic pertaining to text or textboxes to functions in the structs. Also consider returning an enum for the recommended action on step handling  
⬜ user selection from list of options  
⬜ user input options as separate textbox, and pressing confirm on the option doesn't dismiss the underlying window (thinking about using a stack or something...)  
⬜ accounts for word length and won't start writing on a line where it can't finish the word  
⬜ data-driven message queuing for one window with paging, where space advances dialogue to next page  
⬜ textbox feature to auto-page text that is too long for one window  
⬜ ability to script text stop midway through and require space bar press to show rest of text  
⬜ ability to colorize spans of text  
⬜ optional nameplate  
⬜ optional character bust picture  
⬜ branching dialogue, scripting paths  
⬜ RPG-style menu  
⬜ RPG-style inventory  
⬜ RPG-style shop interface  
⬜ ...
